Update Indexer Section (#532)
aptos-labs/developer-docs: apps/nextra/pages/en/build/indexer/custom-processors.mdx

<IndexerBetaNotice />

> Everything the Indexer API exposes is initially tracked through writing a processor to read in the transaction data (or other off-chain service) then use it to update the Indexer's database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Everything the Indexer API exposes is initially tracked through writing a processor to read in the transaction data (or other off-chain service) then use it to update the Indexer's database.
```
```suggestion
Everything the Indexer API exposes is initially tracked through writing a processor to read in the transaction data then use it to update the Indexer's database.
```

These processors are often used to track:
1. Historical data (by continuously watching and updating as things change).

> 2. Aggregate data (by collecting data across the chain).

Reviewer: Is this basically "current data"?

Author: I wouldn't say so - I was trying to get at the idea that you can look up information across the chain as a whole instead of one transaction at a time. (So less about the timing of the data, and moreso being able to handle lots of it all at once with queries :) )

3. Ownership data (by watching trades and token creation events).

> 4. Relationships with off-chain data (such as with the Aptos Name Service).

Reviewer: The data we index for ANS is all on-chain

5. Other important relations for on-chain transactions.

> If you are finding that the existing API is insufficient for your needs, one way you can fix that is by contributing a custom processor. For example, you can see all existing processors used by the Aptos-Hosted Indexer API [here](https://github.com/aptos-labs/aptos-indexer-processors).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are finding that the existing API is insufficient for your needs, one way you can fix that is by contributing or writing your own custom processor. For example, you can see all existing processors used by the Aptos-Hosted Indexer API [here](https://github.com/aptos-labs/aptos-indexer-processors).
```
